hey there internet people it's Bo again
so today we're going to talk about
protests in human shields because human
shields is a term that's being used in
relation to something happening in the
u.s. that's interesting okay so I'm
going to tell you a story
you just follow along with me so there's
these protesters they're upset because
the government is not doing what it is
supposed to do they are interfering with
life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness they're doing everything wrong
violating their own founding documents
trampling on people's rights not living
up to the standard international customs
not living up to international law not
living up to their own laws basically
changing things by Proclamation so these
protesters they arrive and they are met
by militarized goons so they throw rocks
and sticks and right now you think you
know what I'm talking about and they
throw snowballs and those militarized
goons they open fire on the crowd and we
overthrew the government it sparked a
revolution now I'm not talking about
what happened on the border I'm talking
about the Boston Massacre that's how far
this country has fallen it was something
that was the catalyst for a revolution
and now people are cheering it on well
it's different you know they didn't kill
anybody you're right they didn't but the
cut up they could have been they didn't
care and also keep in mind the
protesters in Boston didn't have kids in
the crowd
well they had human shield says we're
just human shields tenemos hijos tenemos
Evo's that's not a human shield see
around the world people still believe
that Americans the American servicemen
somebody into mera an American uniform
will behave with honor and integrity
what they're saying is we got kids here
what are you doing with their human
shields it's funny thing it's a military
term became came into the popular
culture during the Gulf War is Saddam
put human shields at his radar stations
do you know what the military did in war
they didn't bomb them because you don't
open fire and harm the human shield so
let's say you're right which you're not
but let's just say you are what they did
was still wrong in a wartime setting
and you know most of you guys are on the
far right people cheering this on people
cheering on someone undermining the
Constitution and open fire on civilians
let me ask you this
how'd you feel about it when it happened
in Waco Texas any different
you do not punish the child for the sins
of the father you do not open fire on
unarmed crowds I don't understand why
this is a debate this is something that
is plainly immoral so that's that's
where we're at doing anything we can to
stop people from reaching safety and
freedom that's America that's how we
make America great betraying everything
that this country stood for at least
pretended to stand point is it's pretty
obvious you don't stand for much today
anyway it's just a fault and y'all have
a not a good day